<iframe width="420" height="237" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/PPZjBxDPIN0" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<h3>Agenda</h3>
<ul>
    <li>-   news and announcements</li>
    <li>-   planning for 2022, including FUN22</li>
    <li>-   an update from the equipment working group</li>
    <li>-   future directions for equipment and the equipment working group</li>
</ul> 

<div  class="block blockgrey">
    <h3>Summary</h3>
    <p>
        Future plans for 2022 and the date of FUN22 were discussed after which the equipment working group gave an update and discussed future directions for the group
    </p> 
</div>
<br><br>

<h3>Attendance report(non-exhaustive)</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>-   Alexander Bystrisky</li>
        <li>-   Andrew Thomas</li>
        <li>-   Benjamin Kop </li>
        <li>-   Charles Caskey </li>
        <li>-   Colette Reniers </li>
        <li>-   Ellen Bubrick </li>
        <li>-   Elly Martin</li>
        <li>-   Elsa Fouragnan</li>
        <li>-   Fidel Vila-Rodriguez </li>
        <li>-   Ghazal Darmani </li>
        <li>-   Hartwig Siebner </li>
        <li>-   John Snell </li>
        <li>-   Keith Murphy </li>
        <li>-   Kim Butts Pauly </li>
        <li>-   Lennart Verhagen</li>
        <li>-   Marcus Kaiser</li>
        <li>-   Mark Schafer</li>
        <li>-   Markus Ullsperger</li>
        <li>-   Miriam Klein-Flügge</li>
        <li>-   Samuel Pichardo</li>
        <li>-   Sjoerd Meijer </li>
        <li>-   Steffen Tretbar </li>
        <li>-   Suzanne Leblang </li>
        <li>-   Sven Bestmann </li>
        <li>-   Takahiro Osada</li>
        <li>-   Til Ole Bergmann</li>
        <li>-   Tom Rheineck</li>
        <li>-   Tulika Nandi</li>
        <li>-   Xinghao Cheng</li>
        <li>-   Yasuo Terao</li>
        <li>-   Yeruham Shapira </li>
    </ul>


<h3>Meeting proceedings</h3>
<p>
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Welcome everybody to another iTRUSST meeting. Thankyou for joining us today! There is no new news from my side and iTRUSST side, everything is moving as reported and planned. Is there something you would like to discuss today? (nobody responds). Next, the planning for next year. I would like to propose to keep the scheduled meeting every 3th Thursday of the Month and we will continue working with individual working groups. I will be emailing all working groups to get a schedule to present in plenary meeting to get everyone up to date. (Everybody agreed) If you hear any messages about this let Lennart know! Our next meeting will be on January 20. Next thing to plan: FUN22. FUN19 had 100 attendees where we had to close the application. FUN21 had 250, with during peak times about 170 live attendees. That actually is quite substantial and we reach a wide audience. Many have indicated an interest to do it next year to for fun 22. Is this going to be virtual, hybrid, of in person. What are your visions on this.  <br><br>
    
    <b>Mark Schafer:</b> Brain stimulation was in real life which was really nice. We are planning strictly hybrid for the coming year with conferences, to include everyone but also enjoy being together. <br><br>
    
    <b>Elsa Fouragnan:</b> I would love if we could all meet, but it’s hard to estimate how the situation is during the conference<br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> If we see the possibility to do a hybrid meeting and we can get this professionally working, this would be great. Let’s introduce another point, we approached Til for co-organizing next year. And we need to discuss where are our ambitions at. If we are trying to get it full hybrid, we might like to use professionals. But if the registrations prices are rising we become less inclusive.<br><br>
    
    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b>  it’s good to stay flexible, we could discuss different hybrid meetings. Bring in professional organizers would help, also to take a bit of pressure off the organizing team. The gather team worked out really nicely. And it looked very professional to other. <br><br>
    
    <b>Ellen Bubrick:</b> The quality of the talks at FUN was very high, but indeed we could still benefit. There is a lot of interest in FUS. I think we might want to think about this to expend the audience.<br><br>
    
    <b>Andrew Thomas:</b> The disadvantage of professionals is losing the focus. But I do realize that effort and involvement is a lot. We are next year going for a live event in a hybrid form. I think conferences have changed, which is also a good thing. Everyone can be involved<br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> We would like to keep it open access, so we will we will discover the hybrid and professional options.<br><br>
    
    <b>Andrew Thomas:</b> We would be more than happy to help out if there is a place for us to help. We have a great team here that are involved on setting up webinars, workshops etc.<br><br>

    <i>Chat:</i>
</p>
<ul>
    <li><b>Kim Butts Pauly:</b> Hybrid is harder than virtual. What worked well? Suggestions?</li>
    <li><b>Elsa Fouragnan:</b> parallel events where the talks are recorded and replayed for virtual?</li>
    <li><b>Benjamin Kop:</b> What would a hybrid poster session look like? Has this been done before?</li>
    <li><b>Mark Schafer:</b> We post the presentations before, with subtitles, to allow non-English speakers to review a priori. It really helps a lot.</li>
    <li><b>Kim Butts Pauly:</b> One possibilities - all posters are printed, with QR code that will get the viewer to a zoom room with the presenter.</li>
    <li><b>Suzanne Leblang:</b> I also have benefited from poster sessions that also include a link to pre-recorded 3-5 minute presentation</li>
</ul>

<p>
    <b>Mark Schafer:</b> : I wanted to comment, hybrid is harder then virtual indeed. Some things we are could do: prerecording to prevent falling out, register 3, get 3 free to reduce the cost. We would also be happy to help here. We have a lot of things we have tried for more inclusive attendance and better focus online and in person experience. <br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> That would be great when we are designing and setting up<br><br>
    
    <b>Suzanne Leblang:</b> FUN21 was excellent and I reported that back to the foundation. we had a lot of discussions as well and we are staying hybrid. Robin is a great source who has a lot of experience in hybrid meetings, you can use her as a resource. The value of a recorded videos is great, it makes it more accessible. I would like to encourage you to reach out more to clinicians. Maybe first time clinicians get one day for free. To see the value of it, to increase the exposure.<br><br>
    
    <b>Hartwig Siebner:</b> If you have a conference with education purpose too, we should be careful with choosing a company. Professionals are often only experienced in conference or have other interests, not based on the community. <br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Thanks for all the responses. We can use all of these tips and tricks. This also brings me to another aspect. The date of the conference, beginning September is not the best date, right after European holiday. Later in September there are two conferences. So we were thinking about early July. <br><br>
    
    <b>Mark Schafer:</b> Then you don’t have a lot of time to organize it. <br><br>
    
    <b>Samuel Pichardo:</b> I like July, I fully agree that it was hard to organize in the beginning of September. We had a lot of last minute submission. With professional organizers this might be easier.<br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> If we don’t have enough time to organize this we could move it to the end of September or the beginning of October. <br><br>
    
    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> one thing important to consider. During summer we have more opportunities to meet in real life and in winter the pandemic has more effect. It will differ across the world but I think that in July the changes for an in person meeting are bigger then in October. <br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> We also want to have other people to have enough time to prepare what they want to show on the conference. <br><br>
    
    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> if it’s about hybrid meetings, it’s also important to think about free venues.<br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Neuromatch is fully virtual, where they have a system where they have a hub like centre where people can meet. So hybrid doesn’t come second and air travel is not necessary. Do we have enough ideas and input for FUN22, then we can wrap up. You can contact till about presenting for the workgroup and other information from FUN21. I would like to step up and it would be great if I could step down a bit and others can join the organization, to get a rotation going. Moving on to the agenda. Here we are going to a report for the equipment group<br><br>
</p>

<h3>Presentation Elly Martin: Equipment group</h3>
<p>
    <b>Equipment group: update and future plans. We want to make sure that we are doing things that are interesting for everyone. What we have done so far: </b><br>
    
    <i>draft recommendations for acoustic output calibration, testing, and routine checks of equipment for transcranial focused ultrasound for neuromodulation. The aim was to:</i>
</p>
<ul>
    <li>-	Help users ensure equipment output is stable and known</li>
    <li>-	Present suggestions for how to do this</li>
    <li>-	Make it accessible to all users</li>
</ul>
<br>

<p>
    <i>Our first document was published on the ITRUSST website in September:</i>
</p>
<ol>
    <li>primary calibration, to know what your source is and link from the power that you set and the acoustic focus. E.g. from manufacturer.</li>
    <li>secondary calibration/testing – eg. In house simple measurements</li>
    <li>routine equipment checks – eg. Based on electrical quantities, before study sessions. Still to come – some detailed recommendations and examples of how to check consistency of output regularly.</li>
</ol>
<p>
    These are the main things we thought about so far.<br><br>
    
    <i>Safe operation of equipment: What useful safety features could manufacturers usefully and feasibly implement?</i>
</p>
<ul>
    <li>-	Two step output verification</li>
    <li>-	Information displayed during use</li>
    <li>-	Log files</li>
    <li>-	Emergency stop</li>
    <li>-	Standard test reports provided to user (recommendations what should be in there)</li>
    <li>-	Thermal/electrical monitoring? ( to make sure non off the channels are broken)</li>
</ul>
<br>

<p>
    <i>Future activities: what should we think about?</i>
</p>
<ul>
    <li>-	Guidance or summary of standard measurement procedures for acquiring quantities recommended to be reported? -> eg not super easy to read and not accessible for everyone</li>
    <ul>
        <li>*	Standardised reporting group</li>
    </ul>
    <li>-	What information about the source that is needed in order to get useful field prediction from stimulation? </li>
    <ul>
        <li>*   Planning group</li>
    </ul>
    <li>-	What information about the source should be reported?</li>
    <ul>
        <li>*   Safety group</li>
    </ul>
</ul>
<br>

<p>
    <b>Elly Martin:</b> I would love to hear if people think it’s useful, tweaking of completely different things where we could think about.<br><br>
</p>

<h3>Discussion</h3>
<p>
    <b>Mark Schafer:</b> We would be open for suggestions for the users without technical background and we want to work for the benefit of the group<br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Many users aren’t the experienced engineers. I would like to be the device safe for use for everyone with for example a hard cut off limit with a pin code so only experienced users can use the full operational ability to still be able to move forward in our field. It would help a lot IRB that the device is inheritably safe and that there is a limit that you can only accede if you are a certified user. Especially while its not CE approved.  How are other experience this<br><br>
    
    <b>Mark Schafer:</b> IRB is critical, they want to be sure it’s safe. They have to know beforehand <br><br>
    
    <b>Elly Martin:</b> On our devices you can put voltage limits on the software, and it’s not super easy to take that off. So it can’t go wrong, it does seem like a good idea with software control and verification steps. But somebody has to decide where that cut off is. <br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Maybe we can contribute to that discussion at some point<br><br>
    
    <b>Elsa Fouragnan:</b> It would be interesting to hear what people think about other equipment in the lab. Neuronavigation and other pieces of equipment like for acoustic output calibration. Could sham devices be also part of this group, that could mimic the TUS<br><br>
    
    <b>Mark Schafer:</b> We have sham conducting pads that can mask the TUS. Everything does the same, the transducer and pads, so you don’t know the difference <br><br>
    
    <b>John Snell:</b> Some may have interest in the open source hydrophone scanning tank design created by FUSF internship students: <a href="https://osf.io/ys7jr/">https://osf.io/ys7jr/</a><br><br>
    
    <b>Elly Martin:</b> That’s another kind of area that we could help out with, the open source looks great, low cost and get more people towards these capabilities. I don’t know if it’s useful to provide some suggestions to hydrophone what you could buy.<br><br>
    
    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> We also looked at hydrophones, we would like to check back with the equipment group and you all about this. A lot of new labs that start aren’t professionals could benefit from. Possible safety control measurements that can be done easily at different states of advancement levels are for example watt meter, tank of water, scanning tank, what would be typical simple as possible if the output is good with low costs.<br><br>
    
    <b>Elly Martin:</b> thank you Til, this is very helpful. We already describe some part of this. But we could put this in a more user friendly way with for example outline different levels as a user guide. <br><br>
    
    <b>Til Ole Bergmann:</b> Maybe there could even be a list of suggestions toward manufacturers, what would iTRUSST suggest as features a ultrasound system should have. It should provide user friendly adhere to current standards and be using to non-experts, non-engineers.<br><br>
    
    <b>Elly Martin:</b> Else is part of the group but it would be great to have more input what you really experience while using equipment. What’s difficult, what makes sense, what doesn’t make sense.<br><br>
    
    <b>Lennart Verhagen:</b> Fantastic, are there any last comments or suggestions for the equipment group. Then I’m doing my usual round to add to the discussion of the plenary meeting. Thanks for joining, Elly thanks a lot for this overview, very helpful. The best holiday season and a happy new year.<br><br>
    
    <b>END OF MEETING</b>
</p>
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    